<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
    <h:head>
        <link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="#{facesContext.externalContext.requestContextPath}/resources/images/favicon.ico"/>
        <h:outputStylesheet name="css/default.css" />
        <title>HOP OR DROP - Terms and conditions</title>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <h:form>
            <p:layout fullPage="true">

                <p:layoutUnit position="north" size="90">
                    <p:panelGrid style="width: 100%;text-align: center">
                        <p:row >
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;">
                                <h:link outcome="/default.xhtml?faces-redirect=true">
                                    <p:graphicImage value="/resources/images/icon_black.png"  height="60px" />
                                </h:link>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>

                    </p:panelGrid>
                </p:layoutUnit>

                <p:layoutUnit position="center">
                    <p:panelGrid style="margin-left: 50px">
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="Terms and conditions" style="font: bold;font-size: 50px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                        <p:row >
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                This document describes the terms and conditions applicable to the 
                                customers of using the services provided by Troofy Labs(OPC) Private Limited.
                                <br/><br/>
                                PLEASE ENSURE THAT YOU READ AND UNDERSTAND ALL THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
                                BEFORE YOU USE ANY OF THE SERVICES OFFERED ON THE SITE, BECAUSE YOU SHALL BE 
                                BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED HEREIN.
                                <br/><br/>
                                If you do not accept any of the Terms and Conditions, 
                                then we request you to not use the Site or the mobile 
                                application or avail any of the Services being provided therein. 
                                YOU AGREEING TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SHALL OPERATE AS A BINIDNG 
                                AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU and TROOFY LABS(OPC) PRIVATE LIMITED IN RESPECT OF THE SERVICES OFFERED/AVAILED USING THE SITE.
                                <br/><br/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="Definitions" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                All of the defined and capitalized terms in these terms and conditions will have the meaning assigned to them herein below:
                                <br/><br/>
                                “Applicable Laws” means and includes all applicable statutes, enactments, 
                                acts of legislature or the Parliament, laws, ordinances, rules, by-laws, 
                                regulations, notifications, guidelines, policies, directions, directives 
                                and orders of any governmental authority, tribunal, board, or a court.
                                <br/><br/>
                                “HOPPERS” or “HOPPER” means an individual or group of people who are 
                                requesting for a ride to a location destination in the HOP OR DROP applications.
                                <br/><br/>
                                “DROPPERS” or “DROPPER” means an individual or group of people who 
                                are offering to drop an individual or group of people to their location 
                                destination in the HOP OR DROP applications.
                                <br/><br/>
                                “ORGANIZATIONS” or “ORGANIZATION” means any entity that is a representation of a group of closed members. They can be corporate entities, educational institutions or other organizations that have members under their organization structure. 
                                <br/><br/>
                                “Services” mean the services offered by Troofy Labs (OPC) Private Limited through its technology 
                                platform which is available through the mobile application developed by Troofy 
                                Labs to HOPPERS, DROPPERS and ORGANIZATIONS to interact with each other for the 
                                purpose of sharing a ride/ car pooling and any other service that may be provided by Troofy Labs(OPC) Private Limited.
                                <br/><br/>
                                “Site” shall mean www.hopordrop.com and any other websites and mobile applications as may be developed by Troofy Labs(OPC) Private Limited from time to time.
                                <br/><br/>
                                "Terms and Conditions of Service" or "T&amp;Cs" refers to the terms and conditions that are available at the Site for the use of Services.
                                <br/><br/>
                                "We", "Our" or "Us", “Troofy” or “Troofy Labs” refers to Troofy Labs (OPC) Private Limited, a private limited company having its registered office at 91 SPRINGBOARD 4TH FLOOR NO.22 SALARPURIA, TOWERS 1 KORAMANGALA, BANGALORE, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 560095.
                                <br/><br/>
                                "You" or "User" shall mean any natural or legal person who accesses the site, Mobile Application or any application to use the Services.
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="INTERPRETATION" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                Any reference to the singular includes a reference to the plural and vice versa, unless explicitly provided for otherwise; and any reference to the masculine includes a reference to the feminine and vice versa.
                                <br/><br/>
                                Headings and captions are used for convenience only and will not affect the interpretation of these T&amp;Cs.
                                <br/><br/>
                                Any reference to a natural person will, unless repugnant to the context, include his heirs, executors and permitted assignees. Similarly, any reference to a juristic person will, unless repugnant to the context, include its affiliates, successors and permitted assignees.
                                <br/><br/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="Services" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                “HOP OR DROP” is a “real time” ride sharing technology platform which enables the Users, namely the DROPPERS and HOPPERS to seek each other out for the purpose of travelling or car pooling to a fixed destination. To clarify, the service allows the HOPPERS to seek out DROPPERS to travel with them to a pre-determined fixed destination.
                                <br/><br/>
                                The Service is available through the mobile application, which is available on the Android platform. It will shortly be made available on iOS and Windows platform by us.
                                <br/><br/>
                                The Service is free of cost to the HOPPERS and DROPPERS. The DROPPERS are encouraged to not request any charge for sharing their ride with HOPPERS. Troofy Labs(OPC) Private Limited does not charge anything to either the HOPPERS or DROPPERS.
                                <br/><br/>
                                The Service also enables ORGANIZATIONS to use HOP OR DROP mobile applications and its services for ride sharing among their employees or members. This service has to be registered with the HOP OR DROP application and can be charged based on the contract between the ORGANIZATIONS and Troofy Labs Pvt Ltd. 
                                <br/><br/>
                                Please note that Troofy Labs(OPC) Private Limited reserves the right to change any aspect of the Site or the Service which may include adding new services (which may require payment) or withdrawing any existing Services. Troofy Labs(OPC) Private Limited does not guarantee that the Site will be functional at all times and Services may be suspended during such period when the Site is not in operation. We will not be liable to any of the HOPPERS, DROPPERS or ORGANIZATIONS or any other person using the Service in case where the Site or the Mobile Application is non-operational.
                                <br/><br/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="ELIGIBILITY" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                Our Services are available only to those individuals or 
                                companies who can form legally binding contracts under Indian law. 
                                Therefore, User(s) must not be a minor as per Indian Law; i.e. 
                                user(s) must be at least 18 years of age to be eligible to use our 
                                Services. We advise users that while accessing the Site for viewing 
                                the contents or the mobile application for accessing the Services, 
                                they must follow/abide by the Applicable Laws. We are not responsible 
                                for the possible consequences caused by your behaviour during use of 
                                our Site or the mobile application. We also reserve the right to deny 
                                Service to any User at our discretion.

                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="REGISTRATION" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                Every User, being a HOPPER or DROPPER are required to compulsorily 
                                register themselves in order to use the Services through the platform. 
                                All registrations will be done only through our mobile application expect 
                                for ORGANIZATIONS whose registration will be done by Troofy after the 
                                individual contract has been signed. By registering through the mobile 
                                application, you represent that you are a major and legally entitled to 
                                contract under Indian law, and are not barred by any law, in any 
                                jurisdiction or bound by any agreement that restricts your right to 
                                accept the Agreement or use the Site, the mobile application and the 
                                Services. In the event you are a minor as per Indian law, or if you 
                                are barred by any law, in any jurisdiction or bound by any agreement 
                                that restricts your right to accept the Services, you may not register 
                                or contact us through the Site and avail the Service provided through 
                                the Site. We reserve the right to accept or reject your registration on
                                the mobile application. In order to register/contact us for availing 
                                the Services, you will be required to provide certain information required 
                                by us, which will include your personal information. “Personal Information” 
                                means data that allows someone to identify you or contact you 
                                (e.g. your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and other billing information). 
                                “Non-Personal Information” means data that is not associated with or 
                                linked to your Personal Information. You cannot use the Services or 
                                the platform if you fail to provide your Personal Information. 
                                You agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete 
                                information about yourself (such as your name, email id, phone number) 
                                (“Registration Data”) and (b) maintain and promptly update the 
                                Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. 
                                If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, 
                                not current or incomplete, or if we have reasonable grounds to suspect 
                                that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete,
                                we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and/or refuse any 
                                or all current or future use of the Site or any portion thereof. By clicking on the T&amp;C’s 
                                and by providing us with your Registration Data, you agree to receive any 
                                promotional content form Troofy Labs or its affiliates in relation to the 
                                Service or a new service or an enhancement of an existing service etc. 
                                Please refer to our “Privacy Policy” for more details on storage, use etc of your Personal Information.

                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="USE OF THE PLATFORM AND ITS SERVICES" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                We permit the use of the Services as follows:
                                <br/><br/>
                                The Service is available to any DROPPER who wishes to share a ride with other HOPPERS;
                                <br/><br/>
                                A User, being a HOPPER or a DROPPER or any person using the Service can do so only 
                                upon registering on the platform, through the mobile application by providing the Registration Data.
                                <br/><br/>
                                Currently the Service is available only in India and that to from any place in the city limits of India.
                                <br/><br/>
                                HOPPERS are to understand that the vehicles made available by DROPPERs are on an availability 
                                basis and neither us nor any DROPPER or Third Party Service Providers guarantee the availability 
                                of any vehicles;
                                <br/><br/>
                                All women HOPPERS will travel with other DROPPERS that are women and all men HOPPERS will travel 
                                with other DROPPER men in the shared vehicle. Any deviation from this rule will entail the 
                                cancellation of the registration of the concerned User;
                                <br/><br/>
                                No HOPPERS or DROPPER is allowed to cross share their rides. To clarify, no DROPPER can 
                                exchange the vehicle with another vehicle and no HOPPER can exchange his/ her booking 
                                with another DROPPER. The bookings made through the platform are non-transferable;
                                <br/><br/>
                                Troofy Labs will verify the email address of the User who wish to add their ORGANIZATION 
                                details to the application, by sending a verification message to the registered email address. 
                                This verification step is used to validate the ORGANIZATION account. We may also require all 
                                Users of the Service to provide a Government of India issued photo based identity proof 
                                (such as a PAN card, voters ID, passport, driving license and the like);
                                <br/><br/>
                                HOPPERS will be permitted to carry a maximum of 2 pieces of luggage in a shared vehicle. 
                                Non shared vehicles will be permitted to accommodate 5 pieces of luggage.
                                <br/><br/>
                                Any User who books a ride and gets a DROPPER to accept his/her request will get a confirmation message;
                                <br/><br/>
                                After completion of the ride, the HOPPER or other User will get a notification message;
                                <br/><br/>
                                The Services do not permit the HOPPER to have multiple pick-up points during the trip. 
                                All HOPPERS who will be a part of the trip will arrive at a common pick-up point from 
                                where the vehicle will travel to the common destination. No HOPPER can be picked up on 
                                the way or dropped on the way.
                                <br/><br/>
                                Each vehicle or User’s mobile phone will be fitted with a GPS tracker device which can 
                                be used by HOPPERS to track a DROPPER’s vehicle;(Red 6)
                                <br/><br/>
                                Any issue inside the Vehicle can be reported using the "In car Issue" button provided in the vehicle;
                                <br/><br/>
                                Security is of very high priority. Please refer to our safety guidelines for more information;
                                <br/><br/>
                                We will implement an effective feedback system in every level to give atmost customer 
                                satisfaction. We have provided a place on our Site for your valuable feedback. This 
                                will greatly help us improve our service.
                                <br/><br/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="Price and Payment" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                Although Troofy Labs does not charge anything to a User for using the platform and for availing the Services offered by the platform, also you understand that the DROPPERS are encouraged not to charge the HOPPERS for sharing the ride in the vehicle and for the use of the vehicle. Payments between Troofy Labs and an ORGANIZATION are solely based on the contract signed between them. For the services that do not entail the use of a shared vehicle, you understand that the Third Party Providers will be entitled to charge you for the use of the Services. We will only facilitate the payment of the charges to the respective parties. Charges will be inclusive of applicable taxes where required by law. Charges paid by you are final and non-refundable, unless otherwise determined by us in our discretion, in accordance with our policies.
                                <br/><br/>
                                All Charges are due immediately and payment will be facilitated by Troofy using the preferred payment method designated by you, after which Troofy will send you an invoice by email.
                                <br/><br/>
                                The execution of trip shall be solely managed by the respective HOPPERS and DROPPERS. We reserve the right to determine applicable pricing for all of the Services and you agree, by using the Services, to be responsible for all fees and financial terms as determined by the Company. We encourage you to check the platform you have downloaded to your mobile device to confirm the fees charged for your use of the Services from time to time.
                                <br/><br/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="UNDERTAKING, REPRESENTATION AND COVENANTS OF THE USER’s OF THE SERVICE" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                When using the Services, you expressly undertake, represent and covenant that you shall not:
                                <br/><br/>
                                Restrict or inhibit any other user from using or enjoying this Website, or the Services, including without limitation by means of hacking or defacing any portion of this site or the Services;
                                <br/><br/>
                                impersonate any person or entity or “stalk” or harass any person;
                                <br/><br/>
                                express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by Us, without our specific prior written consent;
                                <br/><br/>
                                Transmit any information that contains a virus, worm, time bomb, trojan horse or other harmful or disruptive component;
                                <br/><br/>
                                Reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial or unlawful purposes, any content or any portion of the Site;
                                <br/><br/>
                                post, distribute or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information without obtaining the prior consent of the owner of such proprietary rights.
                                <br/><br/>
                                Remove any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices contained in this Site or any content downloaded from the Site;
                                <br/><br/>
                                Frame, mirror or link any part of the Site without Troofy’s prior written authorization;
                                <br/><br/>
                                Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, "data mine," or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Website or the Content or to retrieve or index any portion of the Website or collect information about users;
                                <br/><br/>
                                restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Website or the Services;
                                <br/><br/>
                                use the Site or the Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.

                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="OBLIGATIONS OF THE HOPPERS AND THE DROPPERS" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                The DROPPER agrees to the following:
                                <br/><br/>

                                That the trip shall not be for any fraudulent, unlawful or criminal activity;
                                <br/><br/>That the DROPPER will have complied with all Applicable Laws in relation to his/ her vehicle prior to the vehicle being offered to HOPPERS for ride sharing purposes;
                                <br/><br/>	
                                That the DROPPER will present himself/ herself on time at the designated place;
                                <br/><br/>
                                The DROPPER shall keep the HOPPERS informed of any change in the trip;
                                <br/><br/>
                                The DROPPER will observe the “Code of Conduct” charter at all times, including ensuring that he does not engage in any illegal or unruly or unethical behaviour;
                                <br/><br/>
                                The DROPPER must wait for at-least 15 minutes after the agreed time for the HOPPER to arrive, post which the DROPPER has no obligation to wait to pick up the HOPPER;
                                <br/><br/>
                                The DROPPER must observe all the driving related laws and rules that are applicable.
                                <br/><br/>
                                The HOPPER agrees to the following:
                                <br/><br/>

                                That the trip shall not be for any fraudulent, unlawful or criminal activity;
                                <br/><br/>
                                That the HOPPER must present himself/ herself on time at the designated place;
                                <br/><br/>
                                That they will inform the DROPPER through the Site or the mobile application or over a call if they wish for the Trip to be cancelled.
                                <br/><br/>
                                That they will be courteous with the DROPPER and other HOPPERS and shall not misbehave in any manner whatsoever;
                                <br/><br/>
                                That they shall not attempt to strike a conversation with the HOPPERS or interrupt the other HOPPERS or interfere in the Trip in any manner;
                                <br/><br/>
                                That they will not ask to be dropped en route during the Trip and will only be dropped at the agreed and common destination;
                                <br/><br/>
                                The HOPPER must wait for at-least 10 minutes after the agreed time for the HOPPER to arrive, post which the HOPPER has no obligation to wait to pick up the HOPPER;
                                <br/><br/>
                                The HOPPER understands these terms and conditions and will continue to comply with them.


                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="LINKS" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                This Website may contain hyperlinks or other connection devices, which will allow you to use this Site and access other websites. We are not responsible and assume no responsibility for the contents of any non-Troofy Labs linked website, or for any potential damage arising out of or in connection with the use of any such link. The websites to which links are provided in this Website are not under the control of Troofy Labs. Access to any other website linked to this Site is at the user’s own risk. In addition, the existence of a link between this Site and any other Site is not and should not be understood to be an endorsement by us of any material, substance, information or the owner or proprietor of the linked website, and such link shall not imply nor create any relationship or endorsement between Troofy Labs and the owner or proprietor of such linked website.
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="ADVERTISEMENTS" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                Troofy Labs or any third party advertisers may display advertisements and promotions on the Site. The manner, mode and extent of advertising by Troofy Labs on the Site are subject to change. By clicking on any advertisements you may leave the Site and be directed to another website. If you decide to visit any such website, you do so at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements. Troofy Labs makes no warranty or representation regarding, and does not endorse, any linked websites or the information appearing thereon or any of the products or services described thereon. Troofy Labs makes no warranty or representation regarding the merchantability, fitness for particular purpose, availability, efficacy, reliability, durability of any product or service advertised on the Site.
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="NO WARRANTIES" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                THIS SITE, THE INFORMATION, APPLICATIONS AND MATERIALS ON THE SITE AND THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THERE IS NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING ANY DROPPERS OR HOPPERS OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT. THERE IS ALSO NO WARRANTY THAT THIS WEBSITE OR THE SERVICES WILL BE FREE OF ANY COMPUTER VIRUSES. TROOFY LABS PROVIDES NO WARRANTY THAT: (A) THIS WEBSITE OR THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (B) THIS WEBSITE OR THE SERVICES WILL BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS; (C) ANY CONTENT OFFERED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE. WE CANNOT AND DO NOT TAKE RESPONSIBILITY OF USERS OF OUR SERVICE AND WE DO NOT CONFIRM THEIR PURPORTED IDENTITY. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT OTHER USERS MAY USE OFFENSIVE, HARMFUL, INCORRECT, MISLEADING OR DECEPTIVE INFORMATION. PLEASE USE CAUTION AND COMMON SENSE WHEN USING OUR PLATFORM AND ITS SERVICES. YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, OUR SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR OUR SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE AND DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY RIDE YOU REQUEST OR PROVIDE THROUGH THE COMPANY SERVICE, NOR DOES THE COMPANY WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY MISBEHAVIOR, PROPERTY DAMAGE, INCLUDING TO YOUR VEHICLE, PERSONAL INJURY, UP TO AND INCLUDING DEATH, THAT OCCURS AS A RESULT OF THE RIDE OR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AND ANY DISPUTE ARISING AMONG YOU AND THE OTHER USERS OF OUR SERVICE.
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DAMAGES" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                Users may access the Services on the Site at their own risk and using their best and prudent judgment before entering into any arrangements with other Users through the Site or application. Troofy Labs will neither be liable nor responsible for any actions or inactions of the Users nor any breach of conditions, representations or warranties by the Users.
                                Troofy Labs is not a party to any agreement between a Owner and HOPPER and will not be liable to either the Owner or the HOPPER unless the loss or damage incurred arises due to Troofy Labs negligence.
                                Troofy Labs will specifically not be liable for any loss or damage arising as a result of any of the following:
                                <br/><br/>
                                Our liability for losses you suffer as a result of us breaching this Contract is strictly
                                limited to the net purchase price of the Product you purchased (excluding taxes and delivery costs).
                                <br/><br/>
                                Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude or limit our liability for:
                                <br/>
                                <ul>
                                    <li>
                                        A false, misleading, inaccurate or incomplete information being provided by a User including the User’s Personal Information;

                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        Misuse of the platform and its services;
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        The cancellation of a Trip by an DROPPER or a HOPPER, as the case may be;
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        Any failure to make payment by the HOPPER;
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        Any misbehaviour, or fraudulent behaviour or breach of the terms and conditions or the code of conduct by either the DROPPER or the HOPPER;
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        Any failure to comply with Applicable Laws by the DROPPER or the HOPPER;
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        Failure of the DROPPER to insure the vehicle and observe the Applicable Laws including driving related rules.
                                    </li>
                                </ul>
                                <br/><br/>
                                In no event shall Troofy Labs or any of its affiliates be liable to any person for any direct, indirect, special, consequential or other damages (including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of information or programs or other data on your information handling system) that are related to the use of, or the inability to use, the content, materials, and functions of the website or the services or any linked web site.
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="COMPLETENESS OF INFORMATION ON THE SITE" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                Whilst every effort to update the information contained on this Site is made, 
                                neither Troofy Labs or its affiliates nor any of its licensors makes any 
                                representations or warranties, whether express or implied as to the accuracy, 
                                authenticity, validity, completeness or reliability of any information, opinions, 
                                data and/or Content contained on this Website or the Services. Troofy Labs reserves 
                                the right at any time to change or discontinue without notice, any aspect or feature 
                                of this Website, the Services or the entire Website or Services itself.
                                of any third party.
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="INDEMNITY" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Troofy Labs and its affiliates from any claim, cost, expense, judgment or other loss relating to your use of this Site, including without limitation of the foregoing, any action you take which is in violation of the terms and conditions of the Agreement
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="SAFETY" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                You are responsible for your own safety. HOP OR DROP is only a
                                technology platform where you can share rides and get rides with other users in the platform,
                                which helps in reduction in carbon footprint in the environment, less traffic congestion and reduced travel costs.
                                Troofy Labs(OPC) private Limited is not responsible for your safety.
                                You are encouraged to use HOP OR DROP responsibly and safely.
                                <br/><br/>
                                We recommend some safety guidelines when using our services or products:-<br/>
                                <ul>
                                    <li>
                                        When ride sharing as a HOPPER or DROPPER, if you feel threatened or unsafe or uncomfortable, immediately 
                                        call the police first.
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        When ride sharing as a HOPPER or DROPPER, choose a safe public space as a pickup point.
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        Do not ride share if you are not comfortable with the other party/person or their information is 
                                        not accurate as in the application. 
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        There are safety features in the application like "Track Trip" or "SOS Alert" which 
                                        you can track your location in case of emergency. But these options can be unreliable depending on the 
                                        signal strength and other factors.
                                        We recommend calling the police in case of any emergency. 
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        As a HOPPER use the chat feature in the application for clarifying any conditions with the DROPPER
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        As a DROPPER use the chat feature in the application for clarifying any conditions with the HOPPER
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        Do not use mobile phone when driving or riding.
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        Any misbehaviour, or misconduct by the DROPPER or the HOPPER should be immediately reported to the police;
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        In case of rash or dangerous driving or riding, report the incident to the police
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        Be cautious and use your common sense when using the service 
                                    </li>
                                </ul>
                                <br/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="Data Protection and Privacy" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                We will only use any personal information that we may collect about you in accordance with our 
                                Privacy Policy. This policy forms an essential part of these Terms and Conditions and it is important 
                                that you read it. By accepting these Terms and Conditions you also accept and consent to our Privacy Policy.
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="Governing Law" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                This agreement shall be made under the laws of India and subject to the jurisdiction of the 
                                courts of Bangalore, Karnataka, India. 
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                This contract is solely for your benefit and the benefit of Troofy Labs
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="SEVERABILITY" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision or portion of the Agreement to be unenforceable, the remainder of the Agreement will continue in full force and effect.
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="FORCE MAJEURE" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                Without limiting the foregoing, under no circumstances shall Troofy Labs be 
                                held liable for any delay or failure in making available the Site or performance 
                                of the Services, resulting directly or indirectly from acts of nature, forces, or 
                                causes beyond its reasonable control, including, but without limitation to, internet 
                                failures, computer equipment failures, telecommunication equipment failures, other 
                                equipment failures, electrical power failures, strikes, labour disputes, riots, 
                                insurrections, civil disturbances, shortages of labour or materials, fires, floods, 
                                storms, explosions, acts of God, war, governmental actions, orders of domestic or 
                                foreign courts or tribunals, or non-performance of third parties.
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <p:spacer height="30px"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px">
                                <h:outputLabel value="CONTACT US" style="font: bold;font-size: x-large"/>
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                        <p:row>
                            <p:column style="border: 0px;font-style: italic">
                                If you have any concerns, complaints or grievances about the Agreement
                                or other users or their manner of use of the Website, including their
                                use of the Website in any manner to carry out illegal activities or 
                                otherwise infringe or violate your rights or any complaints about how we handle
                                your personal information please feel free to contact the Grievance Officer
                                any time at contact@hopordrop.com.
                                <br/><br/>
                                I HAVE READ THESE TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICY AND AGREE TO ALL OF THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED ABOVE
                            </p:column>
                        </p:row>
                    </p:panelGrid>

                </p:layoutUnit>

                <p:layoutUnit position="south" size="60">

                    <div style="bottom: 5px;position: absolute;width: 100%;text-align: center;">
                        <p:commandLink value="Privacy policy" style="font-size: 10px;color: black" 
                                       action="/pages/troofy/privacy/privacy.xhtml?faces-redirect=true"/>
                        <p:spacer width="25px"/>                   
                        <p:commandLink value="Terms and conditions" style="font-size: 10px;color: black" 
                                       action="/pages/troofy/terms/terms.xhtml?faces-redirect=true"/>

                    </div>

                    <div style="position: absolute;right: 10px;bottom: 5px">
                        <h:outputLink value="http://www.facebook.com/hopordrop" target="_blank">
                            <p:graphicImage value="/resources/images/facebook.png" />
                        </h:outputLink>
                        <p:spacer width="10px"/>
                        <h:outputLink value="http://www.twitter.com/hopordropapp" target="_blank">
                            <p:graphicImage value="/resources/images/twitter.png" />
                        </h:outputLink>
                    </div>
                </p:layoutUnit>

            </p:layout>
        </h:form>
    </h:body>
</html>